src/assets/manifest.md, before:

# The Journey

My adventure in web developing was started in June 15, 2018.
It was the day I completed my first [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org) challenge and learned how to 'Say hello to HTML elements'!

After an interim to start a small business with my wife in an unrelated field (I still had fun setting up our WordPress website, though!), I decided in late 2019 that I would take this career path seriously and would invest all the energy I could muster to land a job as a web developer.

By then I had already finished freeCodeCamp's Responsive Web Design Certification and was halfway through their Javascript Algorithms and Data Structures program. I went ahead, completing both the Javascript module and the Front End Libraries Certification. You can check [my FCC profile here](https://www.freecodecamp.org/dmsoares).

The next step was doing App Brewery's [The Complete 2020 Web Development Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-7daa232b-c48f-4b07-8fe3-3e15804fefaf/), on Udemy. While probably one doesn't become a developer by just completing online courses, this Bootcamp enabled me to have a broad sense of what technologies (from Bootstrap to Node.js and MongoDB) and stacks could serve as an entry point to web development and where to focus my effort.

I decided then to specialize in component-based development using React.js and have since applied it to all my projects, learning as well as how to implement state management with Redux and React-Redux.

I have the most fun studying and coding Javascript and getting to know how the browser does its job, how its different threads work and communicate between them, and how Javascript is interpreted. How come Javascript's single-threaded, synchronous execution context can order network requests while responding to user input and manipulating the DOM? I remember trying to wrap my head around this one!

I am deeply passionate about learning and expanding my own abilities and most of all I care about diving into things in search of fundamental insights while having a holistic perspective on stuff. That's something that I had the opportunity to develop while at university doing my Anthropology studies.

My background in Anthropology also means I am enthusiastic about studying how technology can and does integrate people's lives and an interest in learning how to craft great user experiences. At the end of the day, business-wise, that's all that matters! 

Above all, I don't mind getting lost in technical docs and love to feel disoriented by just the right amount before arriving at new knowledge!

Of course, all this time and energy wouldn't make sense without getting my hands dirty coding. Please check my [Github profile](https://www.github.com/dmsoares). Go to the Projects repo to see how I handled freeCodeCamp's project challenges or how I responded to Significa's call to code a Netflix-esque front page with React!
Visit the [fullstackopen-exercises](https://github.com/dmsoares/fullstack-open-exercises) repository and you can also see how I am currently doing on [Fullstack Open curriculum](https://fullstackopen.com/en).

My journey thus far has allowed me to learn different skills such as:
  Responsive Design
  HTML
  CSS
  Javascript ES6
  React
  MongoDb

Commit message:

change journey.js header, intro section

src/assets/manifest.md, after:

# The Journey

My adventure in web developing started in June 15, 2018.
It was the day I completed my first [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org) challenge and learned how to 'Say hello to HTML elements'!

After an interim to start a small business with my wife in an unrelated field (I still had fun setting up our WordPress website, though!), I decided in late 2019 that I would take this career path seriously and would invest all the energy I could muster to land a job as a web developer.

By then I had already finished freeCodeCamp's Responsive Web Design Certification and was halfway through their Javascript Algorithms and Data Structures program. I went ahead, completing both the Javascript module and the Front End Libraries Certification. You can check [my FCC profile here](https://www.freecodecamp.org/dmsoares).

The next step was doing App Brewery's [The Complete 2020 Web Development Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-7daa232b-c48f-4b07-8fe3-3e15804fefaf/), on Udemy. While probably one doesn't become a developer by just completing online courses, this Bootcamp enabled me to have a broad sense of what technologies (from Bootstrap to Node.js and MongoDB) and stacks could serve as an entry point to web development and where to focus my effort.

I decided then to specialize in component-based development using React.js and have since applied it to all my projects, learning as well as how to implement state management with Redux and React-Redux.

I have the most fun studying and coding Javascript and getting to know how the browser does its job, how its different threads work and communicate between them, and how Javascript is interpreted. How come Javascript's single-threaded, synchronous execution context can order network requests while responding to user input and manipulating the DOM? I remember trying to wrap my head around this one!

I am deeply passionate about learning and expanding my own abilities and most of all I care about diving into things in search of fundamental insights while having a holistic perspective on stuff. That's something that I had the opportunity to develop while at university doing my Anthropology studies.

My background in Anthropology also means I am very enthusiastic about studying how technology can and does integrate people's lives and have an interest in learning how to craft great user experiences. At the end of the day, business-wise, that's all that matters! 

*Please check the Projects tab to see some of my recent works.*
